What Number Does the Circle Represent?
1. Problem
Original image: The circles represent the same number.
Given:
Find: the value of ○.
2. Method 1: Use a Variable
Let the circle represent x.
This is:
Multiply both sides by 4:
Move terms:
So:
○ = 32
3. Method 2: Understand the Difference
Visual aid: The circle is split into 4 equal parts. Each part is 8, so the whole circle is 32.
The equation says:
This means: one quarter of the circle number is 24 less than the whole circle number.
So the whole number minus one quarter of it equals 24:
That is:
Then one quarter of ○ is:
So the whole ○ is:
○ = 32
4. Check
Substitute ○ = 32 into the original equation:
Both sides are equal, so the answer is correct.
Final answer: ○ = 32